hey YouTube it's me I addiction and
welcome back to normal Ness or as normal
as anything ever is with my videos I am
officially done with college and that
feels awesome
I have no in the foreseeable future
classes projects or really you know
other than work things that I have to do
so in my mind that means YouTube videos
should be coming out pretty regularly
and I'm not saying when or if and all
that because we always know with me you
never know what's gonna happen but I
have time to do more now so here I am
this is kind of half mine half not the
white iPhone 4s on the side it is
actually mine and the one that you can
see right there you know I got that on
launch day and it's a 16 gigabyte white
iPhone 4s I've been using it since day
one love it it's so much faster than the
little things with the iPhone 4 I did
actually do a recording video of me
originally unboxing it but I don't know
what happened to it so I figured I would
do this but my fiance actually finished
off college today well most of it today
she's actually officially done on Friday
I believe so I told her that I would get
her the 4s so this is kind of some
people think this might be a little
dodgy of me but what I'm actually gonna
do is I'm gonna take the black iPhone
for us and give her my white one I'm
kind of over the whole white thing my
iPads whyyy and I probably should we got
the black one and I kind of missed the
black and she's cool with it because
what's the difference it doesn't really
matter
they're both 16 gigabytes and I thought
I would do the unboxing of the the black
white for you guys so you can kind of
get an idea of what's going on with them
so without further adieu we'll get our
trusty Scotch scissors so I'm going to
move the five phone 4s out of the way
and this box and we'll open this up I
got it at Best Buy which I've never
actually done before and they actually
have a pretty good warranty if you pays
$15 a month and as long as you don't
lose it they will replace it free of
charge you know if anything ever goes
wrong with it you can crack the screen
drop it in water drop it in your blender
well I don't know about that but you
know there's a lot of things that you
can do so here's the box it's a front
just the iPhone 4s
there's the iPhone for us there's some
information on the back because you see
it's a 16 gigabyte version iPhone 4s
Apple logo and iCloud logo so we're
gonna open this up and as you can see
there's the iPhone 4s there's the side
that way that side the back this one's
really cool it's actually been in my car
for a couple of hours if you guys want
to see a comparison to the white one
they're basically the same thing just
different colors
so we're going to put this aside for now
let's see what else comes in here you
guys have seen tons of these videos so
it's kind of silly for me to do this but
you have your design by Apple in
California we open this up they don't
actually give you the sim card ejection
anymore which is kind of annoying
fingertips
a bunch of different things talking
about Siri and all the other cool things
you can do
iPhone 4s and Apple stickers and then in
here you have kind of your book shop
oops
bookshelf headphone sync cable data
cable which you can take out there and
again it's pretty pretty basic I got let
me give you a few of my quick thoughts
on the iPhone 4s you really notice it in
the little things if you have the four
and you're debating upgrading or not in
my opinion
it's definitely a worthy upgrade the
cameras a lot better and you notice the
speed difference in the little things if
you have a 3GS I highly recommend it I
mean now with it being the holiday
season and getting closer to taking over
the recycle it's still pretty far but if
you think about it so I think it's worth
updating but yeah this is the the iPhone
4s if you guys want to see the first
boot I guess I can turn it on and give
you guys the first boot I got the Apple
logo I guess it works that's good always
a plus so while this is booting up I can
kind of keep talking about it
but uh I need to get a case for this
because I don't really like the cases
that I have right now but you uh you
know if you ever need a case there's
some really good deals I paid a dollar
for this case on eBay and you know it's
kind of silicone he but it protects that
I actually bought 10 cases for ten
dollars and this was one of the ten I
can put the link in the description if I
remember and some of them were kind of
shoddy but for the most part I really
liked it this is what I loved about the
iPhone for us there you go no connect to
i2 it's not the neatest slide and you
click on English next the United States
next enable location services next I
don't actually have a Wi-Fi so you
my house right now because I'm actually
redoing my whole setup I don't know if
you can tell that or not you cellular
connection may take up to three minutes
to activate your iPhone so I'm gonna
keep letting that sit there while it's
doing it like I said this is actually my
fiancee send card set up his new phone
continue skip agree agree use Siri next
don't send next start using iPhone and
there we go and to make sure it's
working I'm gonna call myself and my
phone should start ringing my phone is
ringing
so of course I just showed my phone
number which is kind of bad and my
girlfriend's name so probably
blackballed that out but it does work so
we are good to go with that iPhone 4s
unboxing is now officially complete just
to give you guys kind of a little bit of
a heads up of what's gonna be happening
I will do a desk for once I'm officially
done with it and I got a couple other
videos and the make things that I don't
want to talk about until they're done so
until next time this is my addiction
thanks for watching and expect to see a
lot more for me I read all of your
comments and I'm gonna try my best to
fix some of the problems that I had
quality is gonna be important so
everything's being shot with the t2i
you know the content is going to be
important more content is the thing you
guys seems like you asked for the most
and be careful when I'm sitting in my
chair and after shake as much woman I
try to do that maybe I'll buy a new
chair where it's not as rocky a lot of
different things is going to be
happening so stay tuned and thanks for
watching guys this is I addiction
signing out